1. States: 
- There are various legal board states to the game of Gipf. Let's start with the types
  of starting boards. There are a total of three types, one for each variation of Gipf. 
  The basic, standard, and tournament rules. The basic and standard rules follow the idea
  of having each player start with three pieces positioned on the angulars (corners) of the
  board such that every corner is an alternating color. In other words, each player takes turns
  (with white being the first) placing their three pieces onto the corners in an alternating
  order (white, black, white, etc). The ONLY difference with the standard rules as opposed to
  the basic rules is that, the starting three pieces in standard are the GIPF-pieces. As for the 
  tournament version, there is NO starting positions for the GIPF-pieces AND there can be any number
  of GIPF-pieces put into play as long a standard piece isn't played yet. Basically, a player can 
  start their GIPF-pieces wherever they'd like.
- To continue the different types of states for in game play, there are many diffent legal ones.
  The combanation of states depends on the game rules. Basic will be every combination of the 36 
  pieces on the board, standard the 24 normal and 6 gipfs, and tournament anywhere from 36 
  normal to 18 gipfs.
- Additional information we can store about the state are the number of pieces the opponent has
  left. This is vital for calculating an evaluation of every state up to the choosen cut-off depth.

2. Actions:
- There are various action an agent can take. For now on, we will just stick to the standard game 
  rules as that is what our agent is following. The first action an agent can make is placing its
  3 GIPF-pieces down on the corners. If our agent is white, it will get to choose any of the corners
  to start otherwise simply place them down alternating with the opponent. As for playing, the agent
  can place and push a piece onto the board. For a place and push to be legal, it must not shove any
  end pieces off the board. Stemming off push and place, and agent can simply push in any direction
  from its position. There are 6 different position a piece can move (assuming it doesn't randomly 
  shove a piece off the board): N, NE, SE, S, SW, and NW. These are the positions surronding where it
  is, it can only move once per turn. Finally, an agent can perform a collect move. This is when
  four of their own colors are lined up in a row. When this happens are pieces all pieces connected to
  the row, including the four, will be collected (the four back to stock pile, and any opponents pieces 
  to permanently out of play).

3. Transition Model:
- When an action is performed, the successor state depends on the type of action performed. If the piece
  is played in with no other pieces being pushed, the new state is simply just that addition. If a
  piece is consequently pushed because of the new piece, the new state will be that addition PLUS all the
  other connecting pieces pushed down one. Lastly, if an action occurs where pieces are recollected or
  opponents removed, the new state will be with the removed pieces AND an update to any pieces recollected.

4. Terminal Test(s):
- The terminal states, or end game, of this version has two forms. The first is, the opponent or you
  have no pieces left to play. As such they lose regardless of what the board looks like. The second is
  if a player loses all three of their gipf pieces. In this scenario it is just a board with a all three
  of the gipf pieces belonging to one player captured, regardless if that player still has moves to play.